Add doc about uploading addon source to existing addon version (#1601)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/publish/source-code-submission.md

> 

Reviewer: I would be tempted to rewrite the section above as follows:

```
## Upload source code with your new add-on version

::: note
If you need to provide it, source code must be attached to every extension version.
:::

You provide source code after the add-on validation step during your submission.
```
I'm also going to look into whether we can provide an anchor on the step to include a link here. Also, I think it would make sense to provide a link from the [step](https://github.com/mozilla/extension-workshop/blob/3ef66969f6aaf3008636bf6c4147e2b3abf27a47/src/content/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on.md?plain=1#L78) to this page.

![Upload sources screenshot](/assets/img/publish/upload-process-sources.png)

> #### Uploading source to an existing version
> 
> You can also upload the source on an existing addon version, under "Manage Status & Versions".
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upload source for an existing version

You can add source code to an existing add-on version. To do this, open [My Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addons) and your add-on. In the left navigation, click **Manage Status & Versions**, then open the version you want to add source code to. At the bottom of the editor, next to **Source code**, click **Browse** and select the source code file. Make any other changes and then click **Save changes**.

```

I recommend not including the screenshot. (It takes up a lot of space, and without a description, it isn't easy to figure out what you're supposed to be looking at, and with the description, it's probably unnecessary.)
